{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red56\green101\blue115;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c27451\c47059\c52549;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl368\sa213\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Weddings
\f1\b0 \
Your Perfect Wedding Venue Destinations in the UK\
Celebrate your special day at the best wedding venues in the UK with the most stunning settings and exceptional locations. AG Hotels Group takes pride in offering you the very best in luxury, convenience, and top-notch services, ensuring memorable weddings for you and your guests. Whether you envision an intimate ceremony or a grand celebration, our wedding venues cater to all wedding styles and sizes. \
If you are searching for the best wedding venues in London, Derby, or Manchester, look no further. Contact us today to schedule a visit and start planning the most memorable day of your life at one of the best UK wedding venues with accommodation. AG Hotels Group welcomes you to explore our exceptional venues and discover how we can make your wedding day a dream come true.\

\f0\b Our Wedding Venues
\f1\b0 \
The Crown London Hotel\
Nestled in Northwest London, The Crown Hotel stands out as a truly exceptional and sought-after wedding venue. With its vibrant and expansive spaces, it provides the perfect setting for both wedding receptions and civil ceremonies. Conveniently situated near central London, this historic Grade II listed Victorian building adds a touch of timeless elegance to your special day.\
Within the hotel, two function rooms await, ready to accommodate weddings, ceremonies, and receptions. In addition, The Crown Pub & Grill is also available, offering delightful options for hosting wedding receptions and private events. Whether you envision an intimate gathering or a grand celebration, The Crown Hotel promises to make your wedding day truly unforgettable.\

\f0\b Pinewood Hotel, Manchester Airport
\f1\b0 \
Discover our unique 4-star hotel near Manchester Airport, an exclusive retreat with excellent facilities for both large and small weddings. Located on Wilmslow Road in Handforth, Pinewood Hotel is situated just a 5-minute drive away from the airport. Our dedicated team of expert wedding coordinators is fully committed to turning your vision into reality. We take pride in leaving no favour parcel unfilled, no bow untied, and no flower out of place.\
Whether you are keen on keeping up with timeless traditions or looking to make a bold statement, we assure you that your wedding day will be an unforgettable experience, undoubtedly the best day of your life. Pay us a visit, and we guarantee you will be eagerly counting down the days until you can joyfully say, \'93I Do.\'94\
\uc0\u8232 Wedding Packages\

\f0\b Weddings at The Crown Hotel
\f1\b0 \
Whether an intimate ceremony or a big wedding bash, our sophisticated wedding venue will suit your taste and style. Our wedding staff is experienced and dedicated to creating the most romantic settings you have always dreamed of. You get two function rooms to host your ceremony or wedding reception at one of the best wedding hotels in London. Also, our Grill Restaurant and The Crown Pub are available for wedding receptions and private events. We can also arrange bespoke packages to plan your wedding as your heart desires.\'a0\

\f0\b Civil Ceremonies
\f1\b0 \
The Crown London Hotel, one of the popular wedding venues in London, is a licensed venue for civil ceremonies. Whether you choose religious, civil, humanist or spiritual, we are on hand to help you create a ceremony that you will cherish forever. The Sala Suite offers an intimate space with period features and an abundance of natural daylight while the Ivy Suite has a more contemporary feel and is ideal for larger celebrations.\

\f2\i ** Once you have checked with us to see if your preferred date and time are available, you should contact Barnet Registry Office as soon as possible at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:+44%2020%208359%206400"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 +44 20 8359 6400}}\'a0to book the Registrar.
\f1\i0 \
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
}